[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, everyone.
And yes, I know
what you're saying.
What is Ty doing with a
black shirt and jeans?
But I'll tell you what.
We have a very special guest
with us today, Miss Inna Segal.
Thank you so much for coming
and saying hello to us.
Very nice to meet you.
>> Very nice to be here.
>> How did you come about
your healing technique?
And could you maybe tell
us a little bit about that
and what it's called?
>> It's called visionary
intuitive healing.
And I really started
from when I was about 19,
and I was in a lot of pain.
In fact, I could hardly walk,
so my back was degenerating.
I was going to see
everyone you can imagine.
I had really bad digestive
problems, psoriasis all
over my skin--
>> Oh no.
>> --and anxiety
from all of that.
>> Of course.
>> And I just--
I got to a point where I didn't
know if I could continue.
And I remember I woke up,
and my back was twisted.
And I told my partner to take
me to the chiropractor's office.
And when we got there, the
chiropractor had heard,
and he came out of his
office into the foyer,
just took one look at me, and
told me that my body was stuck.
And I said to him,
I know that part.
What can you do about this?
>> Yeah.
[CHUCKLES]
>> And he was very relaxed
and silent, and then he said,
"Nothing."
And I said, what do
you mean nothing?
And he said, your body
wants to be stuck.
Go home.
So on the way home,
I was pretty angry.
And at one point
it occurred to me
that I had been to
everyone by that stage.
It was literally
to a point that I
was going to see someone
five days a week at least.
And I just thought, you
know, my body has a language.
I just-- I don't know it.
I have no idea.
It's like it's
speaking Japanese,
and I haven't learned it yet.
And then the other
realization was
that I was going to heal
myself, because no one
else has done it.
And that was the only way
I was going to progress.
But I didn't know how to do it.
So I went home.
And I think that when you're in
a lot of pain, the way you do
things is a lot
stronger than when
it's coming through your mind.
It occurred to me that maybe I
really need divine intervention
for this to actually work.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Hello, God, I'm
talking to you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And since I--
I was open minded,
but I was skeptical
that it could actually work
physically on any level, kind
of asking for divine help.
So I just said, look, if there
is something divine out there,
I need help, and I
need it right now.
>> Yes.
>> And I wasn't expecting
anything, but all of a sudden,
I just felt this warmth and
tingling through my whole body.
And because I had
my eyes closed,
I just kept seeing
this gold light.
And I thought, all right,
something's happening.
And the next thought
that I had was,
I want to see into my body.
And I don't even know
where that came from.
And then, it felt like a switch
had gone on, and I literally--
I could literally
see into my body.
And that was scary,
I have to say.
It was not a nice experience.
I saw all the inflammation.
I actually saw my spine.
And I was just saying, why?
Why?
Why do I have this?
And this was really the
turning point, I feel,
for my healing
journey and my work.
Because all of a
sudden, I realized
that my body was
intelligent and that I
could access information.
Because all of a
sudden, I started
to become aware of the fact
that I had been incredibly
negative for a lot of my life.
And I just--
I felt like all the emotions.
And it was very interesting,
because I thought,
I've done acting.
I know how to do emotions.
>> Yeah.
>> And so as I was breathing, I
just kept going into this layer
after layer of emotions that
I had never really recognized.
And a lot of it was rejection
and a huge anger and fear.
And I thought, all right, OK,
I'm willing to let this go.
I'm just-- I'm letting go.
I let myself feel instead
of controlling it.
I don't think I ever--
you know, I might have left
my bed for a few minutes
here and there, but it
was a real exploration.
And I think-- because I
just felt, I'm connecting.
And I don't know if I'm
going to connect in a month.
But I'm connecting now, so
I just need to keep going.
And I had no clue
what I was doing,
except that I was
listening to my body.
And by the end of this
three weeks, I had no pain,
and I could walk
with no pain at all.
And my psoriasis had
pretty much cleared up.
My anxiety went right down.
I could eat food that
I couldn't eat before.
So I was fascinated.
And then by default,
I realized that I
could see into other people's
bodies and their energy field
and what was going on with them.
And so that kind of
began the journey, of I
want to help people.
I'm here for that.
>> Beautiful.
So it sounds like you had a
massive emotional shift which
led to this enlightenment
and your whole career path.
Why is it that all of us out
there are so oblivious-- well,
a lot of us out there are so
oblivious to our own emotions?
Is there a-- are we trying
to protect their own selves?
Are we so unaware of--
do you have a way of
explaining that to us?
What I found was that it's
almost as if when we're born,
we enter this castle.
And this castle has so
many different rooms.
And each room represents a
creativity or our passion,
our joy, our anger, our
fear, but with our ability
to express it fully.
But as we get older, people
around us will tell us,
don't cry.
Don't be a baby.
Don't be a girl.
Don't be this.
Don't feel that.
You have to be a man.
Or you have to be stronger.
You've got to have thick skin.
All of those things
that we're told,
so we start shutting down.
And then we're told, you can't
be as good as that person.
It's too hard--
all of this stuff.
And so it's literally we
end up living in this one
or two-bedroom apartment rather
than this castle with all
of these opportunities and
that creativity and ability
to feel, because we're told
that you're too emotional.
You're too sensitive.
It's not OK.
>> Yeah.
>> And you should be like that.
You should be somebody
who is able to deal
with things without feeling or
without showing your feelings.
So we shove them down.
And we don't realize,
because we want to be strong.
We want to appear that
we've got it all together.
But most of us don't.
>> Right.
And it's that poise,
business man and woman
are so still and confident.
In reality, so what--
you think that after
you've been practicing
that for a while, all of a
sudden there's these walls,
and they've become trapped.
>> Definitely.
And then, we get
into depression,
because we can't express
ourselves and taking medication
and shutting ourselves
down even more.
Because we're just
into survival.
And it's not even OK
to look after yourself
until you're sick.
Because who has the
luxury to do that?
And that's what I'm
finding, that now
what was seen as a luxury
before is a necessity.
We need to connect.
And so we become totally
disconnected with our bodies.
And the only way that we
think that we can heal
is through taking pills
instead of the fact
that a body is
actually-- we're actually
created to be intelligent
and amazing and wise,
and not only to give
us advice or, I guess,
a way of being healthy, but
also to allow us to open up
our intuition and to guide
us to where we need to go
and to take us into
these amazing experiences
of expansion of consciousness.
>> So with these
techniques that you use,
is there anything that could
help build our own intuition
up?
>> Definitely.
And in my new book, "The
Secret of Life Wellness,"
I begin with that.
Because I feel that
intuition is so important.
But intuition happens when
we connect to the heart.
So even though often we
can get intuitive messages
from our solar plexus
or from the sacral.
And the sacral is
that instant hit.
This is when you know.
And the solar plexus
is when you have
to work through your
emotions, and often you
need maybe 24 hours
to figure out,
what's my intuition
really telling me?
And people need to understand
that some things take time.
But what I found that
when we open the heart,
I think when we let go
of all those barriers
that keep us locked up
inside, then our intuition
can just flourish.
>> So talking about the heart,
I know a lot of people out there
are wondering when they're going
to find their soul mate and is
that possible.
And I know I find I
fall into that category.
And I'm sure there is--
is there parts of
your intuition tactics
that can help us with
that scenario that
help to bring and attract
that soul mate into our lives?
>> Again, when the heart
opens and we feel--
we start to feel
good about ourselves,
there is an energy
that is attractive one.
But also, when we are
working on ourselves,
we start to become very clear
on what kind of a person
we want to attract.
And there is a difference
between attracting
a partner that could be a really
great partner and a soul mate.
Because from my exploration,
massive exploration
of soul mates, they're
not necessarily here
to make life easy for you.
They're the people that
challenge you the most.
And if you have them as
partners, you really better
be evolving.
>> Yeah.
>> Because they will push
every button you have.
It's not just all
beauty and love.
It's going to open
up our ability
to love to such an
incredible extent
like we've never felt before.
But it's also going to bring
up the pain that we have not
processed like never before.
>> Every part of
you is on the line.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
And you have to give us
some more of your secrets.
There are certain things
that you incorporate
into your daily
routine that maybe we
can steal off you that
would help increase
our energies on a daily basis.
>> Definitely.
My first big thing is intention.
And one of the things
that I've discovered
is that your first thought--
and literally your first
thought when you wake up
can either re-energize you,
or you can lose about 70%
of your energy,
depending on what it is.
>> Oh, right.
Well, I think it's time we
move on to a little healing
for Tyzee.
During the exchange,
we've magically
changed some things around.
We thought we didn't want
to show all her powers,
so we took that off the camera.
But now we're facing
each other, and we're
about to begin a
healing session.
So I have no idea
what's going to happen.
So here we go.
Inna, you take charge.
>> So the first part, the
first thing that I'm seeing is
actually your heart is coming
up really strongly for me.
And there is a lot of
I guess protection--
we'll call it that--
around the heart.
And it's almost like I feel--
the protection is
very, very strong.
If I had to choose
an element, it
would be like it's
inside a metal.
All right?
And if I want to use my x-ray
vision and go beyond that,
then I see the heart inside.
It's like in this metal box.
And it's little.
And it's vulnerable.
But it's definitely hidden.
Do you understand what
I'm talking about?
>> Yes, I do.
>> And the heart does want to
grow, and it wants to come out.
But there are so many barriers.
It's almost like the heart
is of a little child.
That's what I'm seeing.
It definitely connects
back to you as a little boy
not being seen.
And I can see the image.
I can actually see you as
this little boy and just so--
very innocent, very,
very, very innocent
and asking to be recognized.
But in a sense,
just acknowledge me.
Acknowledge that I'm here.
And no one's there.
And it's like the word again
that I'm getting is ignored.
And I see you as this little
boy just going into this ball
and just hiding.
Usually if I work
like this, I play
music, because it makes--
it allows me to get in.
Let the emotion, whatever
you haven't cried or spoken
of that.
>> Just wanted to be
acknowledged and loved
and caressed and feel safe.
[SNIFFS] All right,
everyone, we've
just had an amazing experience.
We actually turned
the cameras off.
It went on longer, and
it got quite personal.
And I don't know if it's
appropriate for everybody.
But I can tell you something.
We've had a lot of special
people on this show,
but Inna and her
level of intuition
is just something
that you can't learn.
It's just a magical thing.
So this book, if it has any
of what I've just experienced
or anything that
I've just learned,
you definitely
need to read this.
Because she is a magical woman.
"The Secret of Life Wellness"--
"The Secret of Life Wellness."
She certainly has
a fair few secrets.
And I've just had an amazing--
absolute amazing experience.
And I just want to
thank you so much.
>> You're welcome.
>> And thank you so much.
[KISS] I feel amazing, guys.
[KISS] Bye-bye now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]